#summary How documentation reader URLs are formatted

All URLs for documentation reader pages begin with 
"http://code.google.com/docreader/", and most then have a "#" character 
followed by a bunch of stuff to specify what it is you want to view.  This
section explains that encoding, and how you can construct URLs to precisely
what you want to see.  (Yes, we expect this process to get easier in future 
releases, but it's still helpful to understand what's "really" going on.)

= The Encoding Schema =

First, experienced folk may notice that the text does not follow the usual 
HTTP scheme of {{{param1=value1&param2=value2}}}.  That is the encoding for the
query parameters (after ?), but it turns out that some browsers want to
"escape" the punctuation (equals and ampersands, but also other useful 
characters like commas), resulting in a very unreadable mash.  So we wanted to
come up with something more readable, using only the very few characters that
aren't escaped.

So, instead, our properties take the form {{{param(value)}}}, and are additive.
So if you have {{{p(google-web-toolkit)p(google-web-toolkit-incubator)}}}, that
means that the parameter {{{p}}} (which happens to be the projects to display)
is a list of two values, google-web-toolkit and google-web-toolkit-incubator.

With that as background, we're ready to discuss the set of properties the
documentation reader uses.

= Properties =

The following table outlines the properties you may have in a documentation 
reader URL:

|| *Property* || *Value*                || *Required?*        || *Multiple?* ||
||    c       || "cursor" search string || no, default to first result || no ||
||    i       || "index" query term     || at most one of i, q, or t   || no ||
||  locale    || locale string          || no (and currently unused)   || no ||
||    p       || "project" name         || no (default to google-documentation-reader) || yes ||
||    q       || "query" term           || at most one of i, q, or t   || no ||
||    s       || "selected" project     || yes if multiple projects    || no ||
||    t       || "topic" wikiword or header string || at most one of i, q, or t || no ||

= Examples =

  * Minimally, it is valid to just use http://code.google.com/docreader/, with no #-part.  The default project ({{{p}}}) is "google-documentation-reader," with only one project there is no need for a selected project ({{{s}}}), as it must also be google-documentation-reader, and the default topic ({{{t}}}) is the selected project's name.  "Topic" URLs don't need a cursor ({{{c}}}), and the default locale is specified by the browser/server negotiation.
    * Equivalently, we could fully specify all of that: http://code.google.com/docreader/#p(google-documentation-reader)s(google-documentation-reader)t(google-documentation-reader)
    * Also equivalently, we could leave out the selected project, since there is only one: http://code.google.com/docreader/#p(google-documentation-reader)t(google-documentation-reader)
  * If you want to look at all Google's GWT documentation, you need multiple {{{p}}} terms: http://code.google.com/docreader/#p(google-web-toolkit)p(google-web-toolkit-incubator)p(gwt-google-apis).  
    * That URL didn't specify {{{s}}} or {{{t}}}, so it will default to the first project name, like: http://code.google.com/docreader/#p(google-web-toolkit)p(google-web-toolkit-incubator)p(gwt-google-apis)s(google-web-toolkit)t(google-web-toolkit)
  * If you want to pick a more specific (and perhaps directly useful!) topic and get the URL for that, perhaps to post or e-mail for others, change the {{{t}}}  property: http://code.google.com/docreader/#p(google-web-toolkit-incubator)t(GlassPanel)
  * If you want, instead, to bookmark a query, use {{{q}}} instead of {{{t}}}: http://code.google.com/docreader/#p(google-web-toolkit)p(google-web-toolkit-incubator)s(google-web-toolkit)q(Panel)
    * If there are many results, you may also want to use {{{c}}} to bookmark a point several pages into the search results.  However, this is usually ill-advised: the number and order of search results may change over time, and more or fewer matches are available.  It's better to treat {{{c}}} as a transient property the documentation reader needs but you should ignore.